Khaled Ipsum

GENERATE

Major Keys to Success

Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. We don’t see them, we will never see them. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. They don’t want us to eat. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. Special cloth alert. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key.

They don’t want us to eat. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Wraith talk. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Special cloth alert. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up.

Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. We don’t see them, we will never see them. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Give thanks to the most high. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Another one.

Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. We don’t see them, we will never see them. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch.

Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. Lion! Hammock talk come soon. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. Lion! I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. Fan luv. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean.

Lion! Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Surround yourself with angels. They don’t want us to eat. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Congratulations, you played yourself. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk.

The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. I’m up to something. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing.

It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough? How’s business? Boomin. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Stay focused. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion! Don’t ever play yourself. They will try to close the door on you, just open it.

You smart, you loyal, you a genius. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it.

You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. Surround yourself with angels. I’m up to something. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. Lion! Mogul talk. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch.

MADE BY @PATRICKSWONG